previously on Batman Oh Scott flesh what
smell it's Arthur heart through some
trouble Batman I came as soon as I could
your father is a poor carpenter builds
tables better than your mom builds
babies bitch oh oh oh gosh so dark in
here oh wait we're fighting the the
Joker do you want me to get in there or
should I just wait until we need to run
somewhere well I me it looks like you
have a Batman what do you want you when
we get the legs I could maybe good as
legs let's see if there's any goons and
the lobby I don't know what you I never
this sort of isn't really my part
usually do the running do you have a bad
man I'm in effect I was just getting
away mostly come on man it's where have
you been ha whatever man let's do it see
what you did man away he went up on the
roof is that that's where we wanted him
right is that where did we want him he's
on the roof all right hmm no way I'll
take care of this let's see
that's why this might take a second i
really only run fast you know thinking
about God you had a really good job on
this not
are you the first Robin I feel like
there was a different Robin before have
you always been Asian
what is going to take a seat real quick
oh hey guys good job
hey Liam hold on it's going pretty good
you know we're just shooting this thing
and making some funny some other day
making some funny yeah we're trying to
you know brighten people's days house
like a smile ok so it's Leah what's the
name of this man listen was beast this
is called conjugal visits conjugal
visits and it was inspired by prison ah
what can happen in prisons is you get a
conjugal visit thank you if you had a
couple of conjugal visits here today
live yeah yeah back in nona for State
Penitentiary Oh Correctional Facility
sorry yeah yeah I did some white-collar
crime we are back in the 90s 3 or the
slammer and and so that was what
inspired this it's all Alana's idea I
see this is where she is where she is
that song so Kate wig by the best oh no
it's my hair yeah my natural hair I'm a
natural blonde oh I die my ever ah it's
very like Kennedy era like it is you
know did they are dizzam when the ladies
took a lot of value to ya keep it
together hey to calm the spirits no I'm
a happy housewife happy I am so happy
baby through lincoln to make a move to
prove Reagan who they make it who make
it I made it through make it through
like a fool the roof a kid who they make
it ooh make it float when I do